Add "GitHub Labels" section to "triaging.rst" (#511)
python/devguide: triaging.rst

   Existing members with the "Developer" role on the `issue tracker`_ are welcome to
   self-nominate for triage team membership if they are interested.
   
GitHub Labels

> ''''''''''''''''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Labels
'''''''''''''
```

An important component of triaging PRs and issues involves appropriately 
categorizing them through the usage of labels. Here are several of the

> common ones utilized by the Python triage team:

Reviewer: I think the last sentence "Here are several ...." can be omitted.

Author: Agreed, that's probably unnecessary filler.

Author: Note: I ended up adding a header for the labels section to replace the sentence, similar to the "Responsibilities include:" used for the triage team outline.

+-----------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Label                 | Description                                                                |
+-----------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | needs backport to X.Y | Used for PRs which are appropriate to backport to branches prior to        |

Reviewer: We can add that, by adding this label, it will trigger the bot to perform auto-backport.

|                       | master. Generally, backports to the maintenance branches are primarily     |
|                       | bugfixes and documentation clarifications. Backports to the security       |
|                       | branches are strictly reserved for PRs involving security fixes, such as   |
|                       | crashes, privilege escalation, and DoS.                                    |
+-----------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| skip issue            | Used for PRs which involve trivial changes, such as typo fixes,            |
|                       | comment changes, and section rephrases. The majority of PRs require        |
|                       | an issue to be attached to, but if there are no code changes and the       |
|                       | section being modified retains the same meaning, this label might be       |

> |                       | appropriate. It is also used commonly for backports.                       |

Reviewer: I think the "It is also used commonly for backports" can be removed. More accurately, this label got automatically re-applied from the master PR to the backport PR.

+-----------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | skip news             | Used frequently in combination with the skip issue label for PRs that      |

Reviewer: I don't think we need to mention "used frequently in combination with ... ".
The reason for applying this label is more about the triviality of the PR, not whether the skip issue was added or not.

Author: The main reason I used that was to avoid redundantly defining how a PR could be considered trivial, since the skip news and skip issue labels are both used frequently on PRs involving trivial changes. Perhaps I should instead phrase it like "Similar to skip issue..." instead of making it sound dependent upon skip issue.

   Existing members with the "Developer" role on the `issue tracker`_ are welcome to
   self-nominate for triage team membership if they are interested.
   

> GitHub Labels 

Reviewer 2: I think that I would be more specific in the title. "GitHub Labels for PRs"

'''''''''''''

> An important component of triaging PRs and issues on GitHub involves

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An important component of triaging PRs for the CPython repo involves
```

> appropriately categorizing them through the usage of labels.

Reviewer 2: Projects other than CPython, such as devguide, may have issues enabled for GitHub. These projects may address labels for issues in the CONTRIBUTING file or README file.

Author: Was this suggestion intended to be an explanation for "and issues on GitHub" => "for the CPython repo" or is it a separate suggestion to mention where someone could find a guide for the usage of labels in other Python projects?

Reviewer 2: This was intended as a comment for the CPython repo.

> Labels include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Labels for PRs include:
```
